net: lib: aws_fota: Add single url option to job parser (#11938)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/aws_fota.rst

      }
   }

Alternatively, to use a single URL, a document like the following can be used:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   {
     "operation": "app_fw_update",
     "fwversion": "v1.0.2",
     "size": 181124,
     "location": {
       "url": "*url*"
      }
   }

For information on how to use presigned AWS S3 URLs, refer to `AWS IoT Developer Guide: Managing Jobs`_.

Limitations
***********

> * The current implementation ignores the value specified in the ``protocol`` field and HTTP is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The current implementation ignores the value specified in the ``protocol`` field and uses HTTP by default.
```
